Hi.
Welcome to the reentry assistant.
To ensure you're set up for success, here
are a few grounding instructions.
This intake is designed to help NDCS
staff learn more about your reentry
goals, plans and needs.
This helps them understand the best way
to support you as you transition back
into the community.
As you answer the following questions,
you will be interacting with a chatbot,
not a live person.
The questions will cover topics related
to education,
education, employment, criminal history,
finances, family and marital details,
housing, leisure and recreation and
alcohol and drugs.
Your responses to this intake will be
visible only to NDCS staff.
Information you share will be used to
assess your needs, not to create
misconduct reports.
A few important notes.
This intake will take about 45 minutes to
complete.
Some questions might require careful
thought. Feel free to pause and reflect
as much as you need.
Your progress is automatically saved, so
you can leave the intake chat and return
later if you need to pause.
This intake should be completed before
your reentry to help develop a plan.
The sooner you can finish it, the better.
Now,
let's get ready to start.
Press start intake to begin.